### Ex1-5

#### findLast()
* (a) This code won't check for the first element of x when i = 0.

``` 
for (int i = x.length-1; i >= 0; i--)
```

* (b) If y is not the x[0] then the fault won't be executed.
* (c) Any case executes the fault will results in the error state. 
* (d) Any test case results in an error will result in a failure.
* (e) 

```
test: x=[2, 3, 5]; y = 2; expected = 0; result = -1.
first error state i = 0; return -1.
``` 

* (f)
#### lastZero()
* (a) This code return the index of the first zero appearance in x not the last one. In order to fix the code we need to modify the loop (invert it).

``` 
for (int i = x.length-1; i >= 0; i--)
```

* (b) All inputs start the loop so there is no test case that does not execute the fault.
* (c) When x is null the test won't result in an error state.
* (d) Test case result in an error but not a failure

```
test: x=[6, 0, 1]; expected = 1; result = 1.
```

* (e) For the given test case the code begin the search from i = 0 and search for the 0. In here there is only one 0 so we will get i = 1 even the loop is a fault. The first error state is from the beginning when i = 0. 
* (f)
#### countPositive() 
* (a) zero is not a positive number.

```
if (x[i]>0)
```

* (b) Any case doesn't contain 0 won't execute the fault.
* (c) Any case executes the fault will results in the error state.  
* (d) Any test case results in an error will result in a failure.
* (e) 

```
test: x=[0, 3, 5]; expected = 2; result = 3.
first error state i = 0; count = 1.
``` 

* (f)
#### oddOrPos()
* (a) This code can't check for negative odd values all odd positive values are include in x[i] > 0 condition.

```
if (x[i]%2 == -1 || x[i]>0)
```

* (b) If x is null then the fault won't be executed.
* (c) Since the code can't check for negative values so if x doesn't contain any negative values then it won't result in an error state. 
* (d) Test case result in an error but not a failure

```
test: x=[-2, 1, 4]; expected = 2; result = 2.
``` 

* (e) 

```
test: x=[-2, 1, 4]; expected = 2; result = 2.
first error state i = 0; count = 0.
``` 

* (f)
