


The following exercise is intended to encourage you to think of testing in a more rigorous way than you may be used to. The exercise also hints at the strong relationship between specification clarity, faults, and test cases:

a) Write a Java method with the signature public static Vector union (Vector a, Vector b) The method should return a Vector of objects that are in either of the two argument Vectors:
~~~java
import java.util.Vector;
public class Vector {
  public static Vector union(Vector v1, Vector v2)
  {
    Vector v3 = new Vector();
    v3.addAll(v1);
    v3.addAll(v2);
    return v3;
  }
  public static void main(String[] arg)
  {
    Vector v1 = new Vector();
    v1.add(7);
    Vector v2 = new Vector();
    v2.add(14);
    Vector v3 = union(v1, v2);
  }
}
~~~

b) Upon reflection, you may discover a variety of defects and ambiguities in the given assignment. In other words, ample opportunities for faults exist. Describe as many possible faults as you can. (Note: Vector is a Java Collection class. If you are using another language, interpret Vector as a list.)

 - Initial vectors (v1 and v2) can be NULL

c) Create a set of test cases that you think would have a reasonable chance of revealing the faults you identified above. Document a rationale for each test in your test set. If possible, characterize all of your rationales in some concise summary. Run your tests against your implementation.

Test case 1:
~~~java
Vector v1 = new Vector();
Vector v2 = new Vector();
//just initiate the vectors with nothing inside it
~~~
Test case 2:
~~~java
Vector v1 = new Vector();
Vector v2 = new Vector();
v1.add(0);
v2.add(0);
//adding the same value to initial vectors
~~~

d) Rewrite the method signature to be precise enough to clarify the defects and ambiguities identified earlier. You might wish to illustrate your specification with examples drawn from your test cases.
~~~java
public static Vector union(Vector v1, Vector v2)
{
  if (v1.isEmpty() && v2.isEmpty()) return Null;
  else
    {
      Vector v3 = new Vector();
      v3.addAll(v1);
      v3.addAll(v2);
      return v3;
    }
~~~
