Ex 1-5

// Find last index of element

a. The for-loop should include the 0 index.

b. A null value for x will result in a NullPointerException before the loop test is evaluated -> no execution of the fault.

c. For any input where y appears, there is no error. And if x is empty, there is no error.

d. For an input where y is not in x, the missing path is an error, but there is no failure.

e. The PC should be at the if-test, with index i == 0.

 f. New:

​	for (int i=x.length-1; i >= 0; i--)



// Find last index of zero

a. The for-loop should search high to low.

b. All inputs execute the fault.

c. If the loop is not executed at all, there is no error.

d. There is an error anytime the loop is executed more than once.

e. The first error state is when index i has the value 0 when it should have a value at the end of the array. Hence, the first error state is encountered immediately after the assignment to i in the for-statement if there is more than one value in x.  

f. New:

​	for (int i=x.length-1; i >= 0; i--)



// Count positive elements

a. The test in the conditional should be:

​	if (x[i] > 0)

b. x must be null or empty.

c. Any nonempty x without a 0 entry works fine.

d. For this particular program, every input that results in error also results in failure.

e. First error state

f. New:

​	if (x[i] > 0)



// Count odd or positive elements

a. The if-test needs to take account of nagative values.

b. x must be null or empty.

c. Any nonempty x with only non-negative elements works.

d. For this particular program, every input that results in error also results in failure.

e. Fisrt error state

f. New

​	if (x[i]%2 == -1 || x[i] > 0)


